# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 30 August, 2023 / 6:00pm
  
**Meeting Purpose:**
- Introduction, strengths and skills of the team members that can contribute to the group project
- Vote for Team Leader
- Picking project ideas
- Data and tools to be used
   
**Meeting Location:** Google Meet -Online Meeting

**Note Taker:** Nezam Uddin  

## Attendees
People who attended:
- (Abdo) Abdelrhman Dameen
- Pam Moodley
- Van Hai Ho
- Nezam Uddin

## Discussion topics

Item | Notes | 
---- | ----
Introduction | • Team members  are introduced<br>• Van, Pam and Abdo have coding and data analytic skills<br>• Nezam is quite new in coding and data analytic<br>• <br>• 
Electing Team Leader | • All team members vote for project team leader<br>• <br>• <br>• <br>•
Appointment with academic | • Van will make an appointment with one of our academia<br>• <br>• <br>• <br>• 
Picking project ideas | Ideas proposed by Abdo: <br>- Demand Forecasting with Seasonal Decomposition and Machine Learning<br> - Anomaly Detection in Electricity Demand<br>- Climate Change Impact Analysis<br>- Anomaly Detection for Heatwaves<br><br>Idea propsed by Pam <br>-  Looking at demand and understand what that demand on power has on maintenance and repairs and how companies could plan ahead and bulk buy supplies
Data to be used | • Dataset will be considered once the team members agreed to a project idea <br>• <br>• <br>• <br>• 
Tools to be used | • Group meeting: Google meet<br>• Fle sharing:<br>• Project Management: GitHub<br>• List-making applications:<br>• Collaborative editing: Hackmd<br>• Statistical analyses: Python in combination with Markdown<br>• 
Project plan for submission | • A three pages Project plan will be written for next week submission once the project topic has been finalised<br>• <br>• <br>• <br>• 
Group Repository  | • For project management A Group Repository has been created in GitHub (ZZSC9020_Project_Group_K) <br>• Read/Write access has been tested<br>• 

## Next Meeting Time
(agreed by group)
Date      | Time    | Agenda
--------- | ------- | -----------------------|
1/09/2023 | 7pm-8pm | Discuss ideas for project Analysis
3/09/2023 | 7pm-8pm | Come prepared to compile the Group Project Plan


## Action Items
| Item | Done? | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Electing Team Leader | Yes | (Abdo) Abdelrhman Dameen |  |
| Appointment with academia | Yes | Van Hai Ho | 04/09/2023 |
| Picking Project Ideas | No | All team members | 01/09/2023 |
| Data to be used | No | All team members | 01/09/2023 |
| Tools to be used | Partial | All team members | 01/09/2023 |
| Project plan for submission | No | Not yet decided | 05/09/2023 |
| Group Repository | yes | Van Hai Ho |  |

## Other Notes & Information
N/A